The next strategy I want to show you is cache only,
cache only is super simple.
We reach out to the service worker or again put in other words, the service worker intercepts the request.
We then have a look at the cache and if we find a resource there, we return it to the page,
we totally ignore the network.
Let me show you how we would implement such a strategy.
Back in our code here in the service worker in the fetch method, fetch event listener, we want to
implement a cache only strategy. For that, I'll duplicate the event listener and simply comment out the old one
temporarily which has the strategy we actually want to use.
So let's now implement a cache only strategy,
it's really simple.
You don't care about anything related to the network,
so you can delete all that code and you can even delete that if check, you simply return the
response you find in the cache.
And with that, you can even shorten this, remove that too,
so now you respond with whatever you find in the cache and if that is nothing,
so be it,
this is simply what you're going to go with.
Let me show you how this looks like.
Now we changed the service worker, so as before,
reload the page to load the new service worker and then reload the tab to activate it
as always and now what you see is, it works fine here
of course when we have internet, it works good
but if we ever remove Internet access here,
oh and also remove the dynamic caching because we're not doing that anymore,
so if we ever remove that and we reload
here, you see of course that's all not working.
So everything we pre-cached still works because we get it from the cache but we get no dynamic caching
going on.
If I reload this, the dynamic cache we had before is not going to get re-established and even worse
than that,
now we don't even get the icons anymore.
The reason for that is that we don't let any request pass to the Internet because we had a look
at every request and we stored some things in our cache here,
we're not doing dynamic caching but we're blocking every request because we simply return what you
find in the cache.
There is no plan B,
so even with internet connection, our page doesn't work as it should.
We do have connection here and still, this is all not working as it should,
we have huge problems here because we try to solve everything through the cache.
So cache only,
probably not a strategy you're going to use, though for selected assets and I will come back to
how you can actually parse the request and return different strategies for different requests later.
So for special assets, this might be worth a try
but in general, cache only might not be what you're looking for.
Let's go back to other strategies we could use.